website/docs: adds note about ak_create_jwt function (#18614)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/expressions/_functions.mdx

### `ak_create_jwt(user: User, provider: OAuth2Provider | str, scopes: list[str], validity = "seconds=60") -> str | None`:ak-version[2025.2]

:::info Requires HTTP Request

> This function will only work when there's a HTTP request in the current context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function will only work when there is an HTTP request in the current context.
```
